---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 103
tune: C.H.F. 124
author: James M. Gray (1851-1935)
meter: 

---
Nor silver nor gold hath obtained my redemption,<br>No riches of earth could have saved my poor soul;<br>The blood of the cross is my only foundation,<br>The death of my Saviour now maketh me whole.<br><br>Chorus<br>I am redeemed, but not with silver;<br>I am bought, but not with gold;<br>Bought with a price, the blood of Jesus,<br>Precious price of love untold.<br><br>Nor silver nor gold hath obtained my redemption,<br>The guilt on my conscience too heavy had grown;<br>The blood of the cross is my only foundation,<br>The death of my Saviour could only atone.<br><br>Chorus<br>I am redeemed, but not with silver;<br>I am bought, but not with gold;<br>Bought with a price, the blood of Jesus,<br>Precious price of love untold.<br><br>Nor silver nor gold hath obtained my redemption,<br>The holy commandment forbade me draw near;<br>The blood of the cross is my only foundation,<br>The death of my Saviour removeth my fear.<br><br>Chorus<br>I am redeemed, but not with silver;<br>I am bought, but not with gold;<br>Bought with a price, the blood of Jesus,<br>Precious price of love untold.<br><br>Nor silver nor gold hath obtained my redemption,<br>The way into heaven could not thus be bought;<br>The blood of the cross is my only foundation,<br>The death of my Saviour redemption hath wrought.<br><br>Chorus<br>I am redeemed, but not with silver;<br>I am bought, but not with gold;<br>Bought with a price, the blood of Jesus,<br>Precious price of love untold.<br><br><br>
