---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 11
tune: 
author: Thomas Haweis (1732-1820)
meter: S.M.D.

---
Behold the Lamb of God,<br>Who bore a vile world's sin,<br>Look unto Him and be thou saved;<br>The promise takes thee in.<br><br>Chorus<br>Believe and you'll be saved,<br>The promise takes thee in;<br>The Saviour see He died for thee,<br>The promise takes thee in.<br><br>More marred than any man's,<br>The Saviour's visage See;<br>Was ever sorrow like to His,<br>Endured on Calvary.<br><br>Chorus<br>Believe and you'll be saved,<br>The promise takes thee in;<br>The Saviour see He died for thee,<br>The promise takes thee in.<br><br>Gaze on His thorn-wreathed brow,<br>Behold the crimson tide<br>Flow from His head, His hands, His feet,<br>And from His pierced, side.<br><br>Chorus<br>Believe and you'll be saved,<br>The promise takes thee in;<br>The Saviour see He died for thee,<br>The promise takes thee in.<br><br>O, hear that startling cry!<br>What can its meaning be:<br>"My God, my God, O, why hast Thou<br>In wrath forsaken Me"<br><br>Chorus<br>Believe and you'll be saved,<br>The promise takes thee in;<br>The Saviour see He died for thee,<br>The promise takes thee in.<br><br>O, 'twas because our sins<br>On Him by God were laid;<br>He, who Himself had never sinned,<br>For sinners, sin was made.<br><br>Chorus<br>Believe and you'll be saved,<br>The promise takes thee in;<br>The Saviour see He died for thee,<br>The promise takes thee in.<br><br>Thus sin He put away,<br>Thus justice satisfied;<br>And sinners all who Jesus trust<br>Through Him are justified.<br><br>Chorus<br>For God so loved the world,<br>He gave His only Son<br>That whosoever Him believes,<br>Eternal woe will shun.<br><br><br>
