---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 112
tune: C.H.F. 329
author: Albert B. Simpson (1843-1919)
meter: 

---
O, how sweet the glorious message,<br>Simple faith may claim;<br>Yesterday, today, forever,<br>Jesus is the same.<br>Still He loves to save the sinful,<br>Heal the sick and lame;<br>Cheer the mourner, still the tempest,<br>Glory to His name!<br><br>Chorus<br>Yesterday, today forever; Jesus is the same,<br>All may change, but Jesus never!<br>Glory to His name,<br>Glory to His name, glory to His name,<br>All may change, but Jesus never!<br>Glory to His name.<br><br>He who was the Friend of sinners,<br>Seeks thee, lost one, now;<br>Sinner, come, and at His footstool,<br>Penitently bow.<br>He who said, "I'll not condemn thee,<br>Go, and sin no more,"<br>Speaks to thee that word of pardon,<br>As in days of yore.<br><br>Chorus<br>Yesterday, today forever; Jesus is the same,<br>All may change, but Jesus never!<br>Glory to His name,<br>Glory to His name, glory to His name,<br>All may change, but Jesus never!<br>Glory to His name.<br><br>Him who pardoned erring Peter,<br>Never needst thou fear;<br>He who came to faithless Thomas,<br>All thy doubt will clear.<br>He who let the loved disciple<br>On His bosom rest,<br>Bids thee still, with love as tender,<br>Lean upon His breast.<br><br>Chorus<br>Yesterday, today forever; Jesus is the same,<br>All may change, but Jesus never!<br>Glory to His name,<br>Glory to His name, glory to His name,<br>All may change, but Jesus never!<br>Glory to His name.<br><br>He who 'mid the raging billows,<br>Walked upon the sea;<br>Still can hush our wildest tempest,<br>As on Galilee.<br>He who wept and prayed in anguish<br>In Gethsemane,<br>Drinks with us each cup of trembling,<br>In our agony.<br><br>Chorus<br>Yesterday, today forever; Jesus is the same,<br>All may change, but Jesus never!<br>Glory to His name,<br>Glory to His name, glory to His name,<br>All may change, but Jesus never!<br>Glory to His name.<br><br>As of old He walked to Emmaus,<br>With them to abide;<br>So through all life's way He walketh,<br>Ever near our side.<br>Soon again shall we behold Him,<br>Hasten, Lord, the day!<br>But 'twill still be this same Jesus,<br>As He went away.<br><br>Chorus<br>Yesterday, today forever; Jesus is the same,<br>All may change, but Jesus never!<br>Glory to His name,<br>Glory to His name, glory to His name,<br>All may change, but Jesus never!<br>Glory to His name.<br><br><br>
