---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 113
tune: Tune R.S. No. 307
author: Old Revival Hymn
meter: 8.8.8.8.8.8.

---
O, I have got good news for you<br>A story wonderful and true;<br>'Twill make you happy, that I know,<br>It made me glad and now I go.<br><br>Chorus<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>With the happy saints above.<br><br>I once was far away from God,<br>On ruin's dark and fatal road,<br>And little dreamed I'd see the day,<br>When I should tread the narrow way.<br><br>Chorus<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>With the happy saints above.<br><br>O'er this wild waste I loved to roam,<br>My back to God, and heaven, and home,<br>When Jesus met me far astray,<br>And beckoned me to come away.<br><br>Chorus<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>With the happy saints above.<br><br>He said, on Calvary's cross. He died,<br>A sacrifice for sin was made,<br>And all because He loved me so;<br>Then how could I do else than go.<br><br>Chorus<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>With the happy saints above.<br><br>Whene'er the record you believe,<br>You life eternal shall receive;<br>And soon from pain and sorrow free<br>You'll join that glorious company.<br><br>Chorus<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>To sing my great Redeemer's song,<br>With the happy saints above.<br><br><br>
