---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 117
tune: Tune R.S. No. 230
author: Virginia W. Moyer
meter: 11.8.11.8.

---
O sinner, the Saviour is calling for thee,<br>Long, long has He called thee in vain;<br>He called thee when joy lent its crown to thy days,<br>He called thee in sorrow and pain.<br><br>Chorus<br>O turn, while the Saviour in mercy is waiting,<br>And steer for the harbour light;<br>For how do you know but your soul may be drifting<br>Over the dead-line tonight?<br><br>O sinner, thine ears have been deaf to His voice,<br>Thine eyes to His glory been dim;<br>The calls of thy Saviour have so wearied thee,<br>O what if they should weary Him?<br><br>Chorus<br>O turn, while the Saviour in mercy is waiting,<br>And steer for the harbour light;<br>For how do you know but your soul may be drifting<br>Over the dead-line tonight?<br><br>O sinner, the Spirit is striving with thee;<br>What if He should strive nevermore<br>But leave thee alone in thy darkness to dwell,<br>In sight of the heavenly shore?<br><br>Chorus<br>O turn, while the Saviour in mercy is waiting,<br>And steer for the harbour light;<br>For how do you know but your soul may be drifting<br>Over the dead-line tonight?<br><br>O sinner, God's patience may weary some day,<br>And leave thy sad soul in the blast;<br>By willful resistance you've drifted away,<br>Over the dead-line at last.<br><br>Chorus<br>O turn, while the Saviour in mercy is waiting,<br>And steer for the harbour light;<br>For how do you know but your soul may be drifting<br>Over the dead-line tonight?<br><br><br>
