---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 121
tune: Tune C.H.F. No. 139
author: Hannah K. Burlingham (1842-1901)
meter: 8.7.8.7.8.7.8.7.

---
O, the love of Christ is boundless,<br>Broad and long, and deep and high!<br>Every doubt and fear is groundless,<br>Now the word of faith is nigh.<br>Jesus Christ, for my salvation,<br>Came by water and by blood,<br>Clear I stand from condemnation<br>In the risen Son of God.<br><br>Chorus<br>My sins were laid on Jesus,<br>My sins were laid on Jesus,<br>My sins were laid on Jesus,<br>When He died on Calvary.<br><br>I was "waiting" once for pardon,<br>I was "hoping" to be saved,<br>"Waiting," though my heart would harden,<br>"Hoping" danger might be braved.<br>When by God's own truth confounded,<br>I, a sinner, stood confessed,<br>Richly, then, His grace abounded,<br>Jesus gave me perfect rest.<br><br>Chorus<br>My sins were laid on Jesus,<br>My sins were laid on Jesus,<br>My sins were laid on Jesus,<br>When He died on Calvary.<br><br>Was it weary work believing<br>Days and weeks and years of toil,<br>Weary work a gift receiving,<br>Who would God's salvation spoil<br>No, 'tis faith's delight to ponder<br>What the Son of God hath done,<br>On the throne to see Him yonder,<br>Holy, crowned, the Living One.<br><br>Chorus<br>My sins were laid on Jesus,<br>My sins were laid on Jesus,<br>My sins were laid on Jesus,<br>When He died on Calvary.<br><br>Tis not doing, 'tis not praying,<br>Tis not weeping saves the soul;<br>God is now His grace displaying;<br>Jesus died to make thee whole.<br>Look to Him, and life-works follow:<br>Look to Him, without delay,<br>Sinner, look! and ere to-morrow<br>Thou wilt weep, and praise, and pray.<br><br>Chorus<br>My sins were laid on Jesus,<br>My sins were laid on Jesus,<br>My sins were laid on Jesus,<br>When He died on Calvary.<br><br><br>
