---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 125
tune: 
author: Albert Midlane (1825-1909)
meter: P.M.

---
O what a Saviour is Jesus the Lord!<br>Well might His name by His saints be adored!<br>He has redeemed them from hell by His blood,<br>Saved them for ever, and brought them to God:<br><br>Chorus<br>Jesus the Saviour is mighty to save,<br>Mighty to save, mighty to save,<br>Jesus the Saviour is mighty to save,<br>Jesus has triumphed o'er death and the grave.<br><br>Now in the glory, He waits to impart<br>Peace to the conscience, and joy to the heart;<br>Waits to be gracious, to pardon and heal<br>All who their sin and their wretchedness feel.<br><br>Chorus<br>Jesus the Saviour is mighty to save,<br>Mighty to save, mighty to save,<br>Jesus the Saviour is mighty to save,<br>Jesus has triumphed o'er death and the grave.<br><br>Thousands have fled to His spear-pierced side,<br>Welcome they all have been, none are denied;<br>Weary and laden, they all have been blest,<br>Joyfully now in the Saviour they rest.<br><br>Chorus<br>Jesus the Saviour is mighty to save,<br>Mighty to save, mighty to save,<br>Jesus the Saviour is mighty to save,<br>Jesus has triumphed o'er death and the grave.<br><br>Come then, poor sinners, no longer delay,<br>Come to the Saviour, come now while you may;<br>So shall your peace be eternally sure,<br>So shall your happiness ever endure.<br><br>Chorus<br>Jesus the Saviour is mighty to save,<br>Mighty to save, mighty to save,<br>Jesus the Saviour is mighty to save,<br>Jesus has triumphed o'er death and the grave.<br><br><br>
