---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 134
tune: Tune R.S. No. 143
author: Johnson Oatman Jr. (1856-1926)
meter: 

---
On the golden street of heaven all men hope to walk some day,<br>Yet so many are not willing to accept the living way;<br>But while others build on good works<br>Or opinions if they may,<br>Hallelujah! hallelujah!<br>I'm depending on the blood.<br><br>Chorus<br>In the soul-cleansing blood of the Saviour;<br>I've been washed in the crimson flood;<br>Though the world may say<br>There is hope some other way,<br>I'm depending on the blood.<br><br>Some will tell us that God's mercy is their only hope and plea<br>That a soul He could not punish throughout all eternity;<br>But I read that my dear Saviour<br>Died for sinners just like me,<br>Hallelujah! hallelujah!<br>I'm depending on the blood.<br><br>Chorus<br>In the soul-cleansing blood of the Saviour;<br>I've been washed in the crimson flood;<br>Though the world may say<br>There is hope some other way,<br>I'm depending on the blood.<br><br>As we look back through the ages where the kings and prophets trod,<br>We may see their altars reeking with the sacrifice and blood<br>But those types were only pointing<br>To the Paschal Lamb of God,<br>Hallelujah! hallelujah!<br>I'm depending on the blood.<br><br>Chorus<br>In the soul-cleansing blood of the Saviour;<br>I've been washed in the crimson flood;<br>Though the world may say<br>There is hope some other way,<br>I'm depending on the blood.<br><br>'Tis the burden of that chorus over on the street of light,<br>That the blood from Calvary's mountain hath washed all their garments white;<br>So I'll shout along life's pathway<br>Till I reach that land so bright:<br>Hallelujah! hallelujah!<br>I'm depending on the blood.<br><br>Chorus<br>In the soul-cleansing blood of the Saviour;<br>I've been washed in the crimson flood;<br>Though the world may say<br>There is hope some other way,<br>I'm depending on the blood.<br><br><br>
