---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 137
tune: 
author: J. Wilbur Chapman (1859-1918)
meter: 

---
One day when heaven was filled with His praises,<br>One day when sin was as black as could be,<br>Jesus came forth to be born of a virgin,<br>Dwelt amongst men, my example is He!<br><br>Chorus<br>Living, He loved me;<br>Dying, He saved me;<br>Buried, He carried my sins far away,<br>Rising, He justified freely for ever:<br>One day He's coming: O glorious day.<br><br>One day they led Him up Calvary's mountain,<br>One day they nailed Him to die on the tree;<br>Suffering anguish, despised and rejected;<br>Bearing our sins, my Redeemer is He!<br><br>Chorus<br>Living, He loved me;<br>Dying, He saved me;<br>Buried, He carried my sins far away,<br>Rising, He justified freely for ever:<br>One day He's coming: O glorious day.<br><br>One day they left Him alone in the garden,<br>One day He rested, from suffering free;<br>Angels came down o'er His tomb to keep vigil;<br>Hope of the hopeless, my Saviour is He!<br><br>Chorus<br>Living, He loved me;<br>Dying, He saved me;<br>Buried, He carried my sins far away,<br>Rising, He justified freely for ever:<br>One day He's coming: O glorious day.<br><br>One day the grave could conceal Him no longer,<br>One day the stone rolled away from the door;<br>Then He arose, over death He had conquered;<br>Now is ascended, my Lord evermore!<br><br>Chorus<br>Living, He loved me;<br>Dying, He saved me;<br>Buried, He carried my sins far away,<br>Rising, He justified freely for ever:<br>One day He's coming: O glorious day.<br><br>One day the trumpet will sound for His coming,<br>One day the skies with His glory will shine;<br>Wonderful day, my beloved ones bringing;<br>Glorious Saviour, this Jesus is mine!<br><br>Chorus<br>Living, He loved me;<br>Dying, He saved me;<br>Buried, He carried my sins far away,<br>Rising, He justified freely for ever:<br>One day He's coming: O glorious day.<br><br><br>
