---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 17
tune: Tune R.S. No. 92
author: Emma M. Johnston
meter: 7.7.7.3.7.7.7.3. and chorus

---
By Samaria's wayside well,<br>Once a blessed message fell<br>On a woman's thirsty soul, long ago;<br>And to eyes that long were sealed<br>Was the glorious light revealed,<br>Through a fountain that was opened<br>Long ago.<br><br>Chorus<br>There's a fountain that was opened<br>Long ago, long ago,<br>For the healing of the nations is its flow;<br>Along the line of ages,<br>The prophets and the sages<br>Caught the singing of its waters<br>Long ago.<br><br>And a little captive maid,<br>By a leper undismayed,<br>Told to him a simple story long ago;<br>That the stream where he might have<br>Had alone the power to save,<br>Through his mist in that old fountain,<br>Long ago.<br><br>Chorus<br>There's a fountain that was opened<br>Long ago, long ago,<br>For the healing of the nations is its flow;<br>Along the line of ages,<br>The prophets and the sages<br>Caught the singing of its waters<br>Long ago.<br><br>And a woman in a crowd,<br>Without word or cry aloud,<br>Just stooped down and touched His garment long ago;<br>As her urgent need appealed,<br>So her sinful soul was healed<br>In that fountain that was opened<br>Long ago.<br><br>Chorus<br>There's a fountain that was opened<br>Long ago, long ago,<br>For the healing of the nations is its flow;<br>Along the line of ages,<br>The prophets and the sages<br>Caught the singing of its waters<br>Long ago.<br><br>As the eunuch tried to read<br>Philip taught him of his need,<br>And baptized him in the stream long ago;<br>As the outward seal and sign<br>Of an inward work divine,<br>That was wrought through that old fountain<br>Long ago.<br><br>Chorus<br>There's a fountain that was opened<br>Long ago, long ago,<br>For the healing of the nations is its flow;<br>Along the line of ages,<br>The prophets and the sages<br>Caught the singing of its waters<br>Long ago.<br><br><br>
