---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 171
tune: Time R.S. No. 151
author: S. Wesley Martin
meter: 

---
The Gospel bells are ringing<br>Over land from sea to sea;<br>Blessed news of free salvation<br>Do they offer you and me.<br>"For God so loved the world,<br>That His only Son He gave;<br>Whosoe'er believeth in Him<br>Everlasting life shall have."<br><br>Chorus<br>Gospel bells! - how they ring.<br>Over land from sea to sea!<br>Gospel bells! freely bring,<br>Blessed news to you and me.<br><br>The Gospel bells invite us<br>To a feast prepared for all;<br>Do not slight the invitation,<br>Nor reject the gracious call.<br>"I am the Bread of Life;<br>Eat of Me, thou hungry soul:<br>Though your sins be red as crimson,<br>They shall be as white as wool."<br><br>Chorus<br>Gospel bells! - how they ring.<br>Over land from sea to sea!<br>Gospel bells! freely bring,<br>Blessed news to you and me.<br><br>The Gospel bells give warning<br>As they sound from day to day,<br>Of the fate which doth await them<br>Who forever will delay.<br>"Escape thou for thy life!<br>Tarry not in all the plain;<br>Nor behind thee look, O never,<br>Lest thou be consumed in pain."<br><br>Chorus<br>Gospel bells! - how they ring.<br>Over land from sea to sea!<br>Gospel bells! freely bring,<br>Blessed news to you and me.<br><br>The Gospel bells are joyful,<br>As they echo far and wide,<br>Bearing notes of perfect pardon<br>Through a Saviour crucified.<br>"Good tidings of great joy<br>To all people do I bring;<br>Unto you is born a Saviour,<br>Which is Christ the Lord and King."<br><br>Chorus<br>Gospel bells! - how they ring.<br>Over land from sea to sea!<br>Gospel bells! freely bring,<br>Blessed news to you and me.<br><br><br>
