---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 184
tune: 
author: William Cowper (1731-1800)
meter: C.M.

---
There is a fountain filled with blood,<br>Drawn from Immanuel's veins,<br>And sinners plunged beneath that flood<br>Lose all their guilty stains.<br><br>Chorus<br>I do believe, I will believe<br>That Jesus died for me,<br>That on the cross He shed His blood,<br>From sin to set me free.<br><br>The dying thief rejoiced to see<br>That fountain in his day,<br>And there have I, though vile as he,<br>Washed all my sins away.<br><br>Chorus<br>I do believe, I will believe<br>That Jesus died for me,<br>That on the cross He shed His blood,<br>From sin to set me free.<br><br>Dear, dying Lamb! Thy precious blood<br>Shall never lose its power<br>'Till all the ransomed church of God<br>Be saved to sin no more.<br><br>Chorus<br>I do believe, I will believe<br>That Jesus died for me,<br>That on the cross He shed His blood,<br>From sin to set me free.<br><br>E'er since by faith I saw the stream<br>Thy wounds supplied for me.<br>Redeeming love has been my theme<br>And shall for ever be.<br><br>Chorus<br>I do believe, I will believe<br>That Jesus died for me,<br>That on the cross He shed His blood,<br>From sin to set me free.<br><br>Soon, in a nobler, sweeter song<br>I'll sing Thy power to save.<br>No more with lisping, stammering tongue<br>But conqueror O'er the grave.<br><br>Chorus<br>I do believe, I will believe<br>That Jesus died for me,<br>That on the cross He shed His blood,<br>From sin to set me free.<br><br>Lord, I believe Thou hast prepared<br>Unworthy though I be,<br>For me a blood-bought, free reward,<br>A golden harp for me.<br><br>Chorus<br>I do believe, I will believe<br>That Jesus died for me,<br>That on the cross He shed His blood,<br>From sin to set me free.<br><br>'Tis strung and tuned for endless years,<br>And formed by power divine,<br>To sound in God the Fathers ears<br>No other name but Thine.<br><br>Chorus<br>I do believe, I will believe<br>That Jesus died for me,<br>That on the cross He shed His blood,<br>From sin to set me free.<br><br><br>
