---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 188
tune: 
author: Amelia M. Hull (19th Cent.)
meter: P.M.

---
There is life in a look at the crucified One,<br>There is life at this moment for thee;<br>Then look, sinner, look unto Him, and be saved,<br>Unto Him who was nailed to the tree.<br><br>Chorus<br>Look! Look! Look and live!<br>There is life in a look at the crucified One,<br>There is life at this moment for thee.<br><br>O why was He there as the bearer of sin,<br>If on Jesus thy guilt was not laid?<br>Or why from His side flowed the sin-cleansing blood,<br>if His dying thy debt has not paid?<br><br>Chorus<br>Look! Look! Look and live!<br>There is life in a look at the crucified One,<br>There is life at this moment for thee.<br><br>It is not thy tears of repentance, nor prayers,<br>But the blood that atones for the soul;<br>On Him, then, who shed it thou mayest at once<br>Thy weight of iniquities roll.<br><br>Chorus<br>Look! Look! Look and live!<br>There is life in a look at the crucified One,<br>There is life at this moment for thee.<br><br>We are healed by His stripes,<br>Wouldst thou add to the Word?<br>And He is thy righteousness made;<br>The best robe of heaven He bids thee put on,<br>O! couldst thou be better arrayed?<br><br>Chorus<br>Look! Look! Look and live!<br>There is life in a look at the crucified One,<br>There is life at this moment for thee.<br><br>Then doubt not thy welcome since God hath declared<br>There remaineth no more to be done;<br>That once, in the end of the world, He appeared<br>And completed the work He'd begun.<br><br>Chorus<br>Look! Look! Look and live!<br>There is life in a look at the crucified One,<br>There is life at this moment for thee.<br><br>But take with rejoicing from Jesus at once<br>The life everlasting He gives,<br>And know, with assurance, thou never canst die,<br>Since Jesus, thy righteousness, lives.<br><br>Chorus<br>Look! Look! Look and live!<br>There is life in a look at the crucified One,<br>There is life at this moment for thee.<br><br><br>
