---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 193
tune: 
author: Robert Carradine
meter: P.M.

---
There's a hill lone and grey, in a land far away,<br>In a country beyond the blue sea,<br>Where beneath that fair sky went a Man forth to die<br>For the world and for you and for me.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, it bows down my heart,<br>And the tear-drops will start<br>When in memory that grey hill I see,<br>For 'twas there on its side<br>Jesus suffered and died<br>To redeem a poor sinner like me.<br><br>Hark! I hear the dull blow of the hammer swung low;<br>They are nailing my Lord to the tree,<br>And the cross they upraise while the multitude gaze<br>On the blest Lamb of dark Calvary.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, it bows down my heart,<br>And the tear-drops will start<br>When in memory that grey hill I see,<br>For 'twas there on its side<br>Jesus suffered and died<br>To redeem a poor sinner like me.<br><br>How they mock Him in death, to His last labouring breath,<br>While His friends sadly weep o'er the way!<br>But though lonely and faint, still no word of complaint<br>Fell from Him on the hill lone and grey.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, it bows down my heart,<br>And the tear-drops will start<br>When in memory that grey hill I see,<br>For 'twas there on its side<br>Jesus suffered and died<br>To redeem a poor sinner like me.<br><br>Then the darkness came down and the rocks rent around,<br>And a cry pierced the grief-laden air;<br>'Twas the voice of the King who received death's dark sting,<br>All to save us from endless despair.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, it bows down my heart,<br>And the tear-drops will start<br>When in memory that grey hill I see,<br>For 'twas there on its side<br>Jesus suffered and died<br>To redeem a poor sinner like me.<br><br>Let the sun hide its face, let the earth reel apace,<br>Over men who their Saviour have slain;<br>But behold from the sod, comes the blest Lamb of God,<br>Who was slain and is risen again.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, it bows down my heart,<br>And the tear-drops will start<br>When in memory that grey hill I see,<br>For 'twas there on its side<br>Jesus suffered and died<br>To redeem a poor sinner like me.<br><br><br>
