---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 199
tune: 
author: Written by Carl Ray Overholt. Copyright &copy; 1959 Renewed 1987 PsalmSinger Music (admin. by Music Services, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. BMI. All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.
meter: P.M.

---
They bound the hands of Jesus in the garden where He prayed;<br>They led Him through the streets in shame.<br>They spat upon the Saviour, so pure and free from sin;<br>They said, "Crucify Him; He's to blame."<br><br>Chorus<br>He could have called ten thousand angels<br>To destroy the world and set Him free.<br>He could have called ten thousand angels,<br>But He died alone for you and me.<br><br>Upon His precious head, they placed a crown of thorns;<br>They laughed and said, "Behold the King."<br>They struck Him and they cursed Him and mocked His holy name.<br>All alone He suffered everything.<br><br>Chorus<br>He could have called ten thousand angels<br>To destroy the world and set Him free.<br>He could have called ten thousand angels,<br>But He died alone for you and me.<br><br>When they nailed Him to the cross, his mother stood nearby<br>He said, "Woman, behold thy Son!"<br>He cried, "I thirst" on Calvary, But they gave Him nought to drink.<br>Then the sinful work of man was done.<br><br>Chorus<br>He could have called ten thousand angels<br>To destroy the world and set Him free.<br>He could have called ten thousand angels,<br>But He died alone for you and me.<br><br>To the howling mob He yielded, He did not for mercy cry.<br>The cross of shame He took alone.<br>And when He cried, "'Tis finished," He gave Himself to die;<br>Salvation's wondrous plan was done.<br><br>Chorus<br>He could have called ten thousand angels<br>To destroy the world and set Him free.<br>He could have called ten thousand angels,<br>But He died alone for you and me.<br><br><br>
