---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 2
tune: Tune S.S. No.539
author: 
meter: C.M.

---
A sinner bound for eternity<br>Needs a shelter in the time of storm,<br>And Jesus says, "Come unto Me,<br>I'm a shelter in the time of storm."<br><br>Chorus<br>O! Jesus is a rock in a weary land,<br>A weary land, a weary land;<br>O! Jesus is a rock in a weary land,<br>A shelter in the time storm.<br><br>He died on the cross to purchase thee,<br>A shelter in the time of storm;<br>He lives again and offers free<br>A shelter in the time of storm.<br><br>Chorus<br>O! Jesus is a rock in a weary land,<br>A weary land, a weary land;<br>O! Jesus is a rock in a weary land,<br>A shelter in the time storm.<br><br>A harbour of safety He offers thee,<br>A shelter in the time of storm;<br>O, wilt thou now to the Refuge flee<br>He's a shelter in the time of storm.<br><br>Chorus<br>O! Jesus is a rock in a weary land,<br>A weary land, a weary land;<br>O! Jesus is a rock in a weary land,<br>A shelter in the time storm.<br><br>Off a rock-bound coast and fast asleep,<br>Beware of the time of storm;<br>When thousands will wake to wail and weep,<br>Unsheltered in the time of storm.<br><br>Chorus<br>O! Jesus is a rock in a weary land,<br>A weary land, a weary land;<br>O! Jesus is a rock in a weary land,<br>A shelter in the time storm.<br><br>O! trifle not with this day of grace;<br>He's a shelter in the time of storm,<br>For vengeance soon will take its place;<br>He's a shelter in the time of storm.<br><br>Chorus<br>O! Jesus is a rock in a weary land,<br>A weary land, a weary land;<br>O! Jesus is a rock in a weary land,<br>A shelter in the time storm.<br><br><br>
