---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 201
tune: 
author: 
meter: P.M.

---
Thou art not very far from the kingdom of God,<br>Thou hast heard the sweet call of the King;<br>Thou hast met the glad messenger speeding abroad,<br>His free-hearted welcome to bring.<br>And the kingdom looks bright, but the world is so dear<br>With its labour, and pleasure, and sin;<br>And yet it were sad to have seen it so near,<br>And never to enter therein.<br><br>Chorus<br>Yes, not very far from salvation by grace,<br>But beware, O, sinner; beware!<br>For not very far is a perilous place,<br>Thou art lost if thou linger there.<br><br>Thou art not very far from the foot of the cross:<br>Its shadow is falling on thee;<br>And the blood that redeemeth the sinner from loss<br>Is flowing so rich and so free.<br>That cross of atonement, that ransoming blood,<br>Is a saving or sentencing sight;<br>It were death at the foot of the cross to have stood,<br>And thy robes never washed, or made white.<br><br>Chorus<br>Yes, not very far from salvation by grace,<br>But beware, O, sinner; beware!<br>For not very far is a perilous place,<br>Thou art lost if thou linger there.<br><br>O, many were once as near heaven as thou,<br>But they lingered and lost their day;<br>They are weeping, and wailing, and wandering now<br>On the coasts of the castaway.<br>They are far from the kingdom, and far from the crown,<br>From Christ and His ransoming cross,<br>O, infinite sadness! No tears but His own<br>Can weep such a fathomless loss.<br><br>Chorus<br>Yes, not very far from salvation by grace,<br>But beware, O, sinner; beware!<br>For not very far is a perilous place,<br>Thou art lost if thou linger there.<br><br><br>
