---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 202
tune: 
author: Emily E. S. Elliott (1836-97)
meter: P.M.

---
Thou didst leave Thy throne and Thy kingly crown,<br>When Thou camest to earth for me;<br>But in Bethlehem's home was there found no room<br>For Thy holy nativity.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, come to my heart, Lord Jesus,<br>There is room in my heart for Thee!<br>O, come to my heart, Lord Jesus, come<br>There is room in my heart for Thee!<br><br>Heaven's arches rang when the angels sang,<br>Proclaiming Thy royal degree;<br>But in lowly birth didst Thou come to earth<br>And in great humility.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, come to my heart, Lord Jesus,<br>There is room in my heart for Thee!<br>O, come to my heart, Lord Jesus, come<br>There is room in my heart for Thee!<br><br>The foxes found rest, and the birds had their nest<br>In the shade of the cedar tree;<br>But Thy couch was the sod, O Thou Son of God,<br>In the deserts of Galilee.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, come to my heart, Lord Jesus,<br>There is room in my heart for Thee!<br>O, come to my heart, Lord Jesus, come<br>There is room in my heart for Thee!<br><br>Thou camest, O Lord, with the living Word<br>That should set Thy people free;<br>But with mocking scorn, and with crown of thorn,<br>They bore Thee to Calvary.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, come to my heart, Lord Jesus,<br>There is room in my heart for Thee!<br>O, come to my heart, Lord Jesus, come<br>There is room in my heart for Thee!<br><br>When heaven's arches shall ring and her choir shall sing<br>At Thy coming to victory,<br>Let Thy voice call me home, saying, "Yet there is room,<br>There is room at My side for thee."<br><br>Chorus<br>O, come to my heart, Lord Jesus,<br>There is room in my heart for Thee!<br>O, come to my heart, Lord Jesus, come<br>There is room in my heart for Thee!<br><br><br>
