---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 218
tune: 
author: Ruth H. McDaniel (1850-1940)
meter: 

---
What a wonderful change in my life has been wrought<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br>I have light in my soul for which long I had sought,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br><br>Chorus<br>Since Jesus came into my heart,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart,<br>Floods of joy o'er my soul like the sea billows roll,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br><br>I have ceased from my wandering and going astray<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br>And my sins which were many are all washed away<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br><br>Chorus<br>Since Jesus came into my heart,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart,<br>Floods of joy o'er my soul like the sea billows roll,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br><br>I'm possessed of a hope that is steadfast and sure<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br>And no dark clouds of doubt now my pathway obscure<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br><br>Chorus<br>Since Jesus came into my heart,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart,<br>Floods of joy o'er my soul like the sea billows roll,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br><br>There's a light in the valley of death now for me,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br>And the gates of the city beyond, I can see,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br><br>Chorus<br>Since Jesus came into my heart,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart,<br>Floods of joy o'er my soul like the sea billows roll,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br><br>I shall go there to dwell in that city, I know,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br>And I'm happy, so happy, as onward I go,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br><br>Chorus<br>Since Jesus came into my heart,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart,<br>Floods of joy o'er my soul like the sea billows roll,<br>Since Jesus came into my heart!<br><br><br>
