---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 220
tune: 
author: 
meter: P.M.

---
"What must I do?" has oft been asked,<br>"Eternal life to gain?"<br>Man anxious seems for any task<br>If this he may obtain.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the blood of Jesus!<br>The precious blood of Jesus!<br>O, the blood of Jesus,<br>It cleanseth from all sin.<br><br>But all the doing has been done<br>As God has clearly shown,<br>When, by the offering of His Son,<br>His purpose He made known.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the blood of Jesus!<br>The precious blood of Jesus!<br>O, the blood of Jesus,<br>It cleanseth from all sin.<br><br>He laid on Him the sinner's guilt<br>When came the appointed day;<br>And by that blood on Calvary spilt<br>Took all my sins away.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the blood of Jesus!<br>The precious blood of Jesus!<br>O, the blood of Jesus,<br>It cleanseth from all sin.<br><br>Such was the sacrifice He made,<br>The law could ask no more;<br>For not a mite was left unpaid<br>When He my judgment bore.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the blood of Jesus!<br>The precious blood of Jesus!<br>O, the blood of Jesus,<br>It cleanseth from all sin.<br><br>How glorious, blessed, and complete<br>That finished work must be;<br>Where God with man delights to meet,<br>There He has met with me.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the blood of Jesus!<br>The precious blood of Jesus!<br>O, the blood of Jesus,<br>It cleanseth from all sin.<br><br>And still the memories of the past<br>Shall with my spirit stay;<br>'Tis Jesus first, 'tis Jesus last,<br>And Jesus all the way!<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the blood of Jesus!<br>The precious blood of Jesus!<br>O, the blood of Jesus,<br>It cleanseth from all sin.<br><br><br>
