---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 232
tune: Tune R.S. No. 180
author: Priscilla J. Owens (1829-1907)
meter: 

---
Will your anchor hold in the storms of life?<br>When the clouds unfold their wings of strife,<br>When the storm-tides lift and the cables strain,<br>Will your anchor drift, or firm remain?<br><br>Chorus<br>We have an anchor that keeps the soul<br>Steadfast and sure while the billows roll.<br>Fastened to the rock that cannot move,<br>Grounded firm and deep in the Saviour's love.<br><br>Will your anchor hold in the straits of fear?<br>When the breakers roar and the reef is near,<br>While the surges rave and the wild winds blow,<br>Shall the angry waves your bark o'erflow?<br><br>Chorus<br>We have an anchor that keeps the soul<br>Steadfast and sure while the billows roll.<br>Fastened to the rock that cannot move,<br>Grounded firm and deep in the Saviour's love.<br><br>Will your anchor hold in the floods of death,<br>When the waters cold chill your latest breath?<br>On the rising tide you can never fail<br>While your anchor holds within the veil.<br><br>Chorus<br>We have an anchor that keeps the soul<br>Steadfast and sure while the billows roll.<br>Fastened to the rock that cannot move,<br>Grounded firm and deep in the Saviour's love.<br><br>Will your eyes behold through the morning light<br>The city of gold, and the harbour bright?<br>Will you anchor safe by the heavenly shore<br>When life's storms are past for evermore?<br><br>Chorus<br>We have an anchor that keeps the soul<br>Steadfast and sure while the billows roll.<br>Fastened to the rock that cannot move,<br>Grounded firm and deep in the Saviour's love.<br><br><br>
