---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 236
tune: Tune R.S. No. 97
author: J.G. Badger
meter: 11.11.11.11.

---
Wondrous love of Jesus! spread the news around,<br>Pardon freely offered, what a joyful sound!<br>Jesus, loving Saviour, died to set me free;<br>O that blessed "Whosoever" - that means me.<br><br>Chorus<br>Pardon freely offered, all who will believe;<br>Whosoever cometh Jesus will receive;<br>Jesus, loving Saviour; died to set us free:<br>Hallelujah! "Whosoever" - that means me.<br><br>"Whosoever," means me better than my name,<br>Anyone, everyone, is not that the same?<br>Believing is salvation, present, full, and free;<br>Whosoever is the message - that means me.<br><br>Chorus<br>Pardon freely offered, all who will believe;<br>Whosoever cometh Jesus will receive;<br>Jesus, loving Saviour; died to set us free:<br>Hallelujah! "Whosoever" - that means me.<br><br>Whosoever cometh may the promise claim,<br>Precious blood of Jesus cleanseth every stain.<br>The Son of God has loved me, wonder can it be?<br>"Whosoever," said the Saviour - that means me.<br><br>Chorus<br>Pardon freely offered, all who will believe;<br>Whosoever cometh Jesus will receive;<br>Jesus, loving Saviour; died to set us free:<br>Hallelujah! "Whosoever" - that means me.<br><br>Do not trust your feelings, trust His Word alone,<br>Prayers can never save you, tears cannot atone.<br>"Finished!" cried the Saviour, nothing now to do,<br>Come, believe this "Whosoever" - that means you.<br><br>Chorus<br>Pardon freely offered, all who will believe;<br>Whosoever cometh Jesus will receive;<br>Jesus, loving Saviour; died to set us free:<br>Hallelujah! "Whosoever" - that means me.<br><br><br>
