---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 237
tune: 
author: Lewis E. Jones (1865-1936)
meter: P.M.

---
Would you be free from your burden of sin?<br>There's power in the blood, power in the blood.<br>Would you o'er evil a victory win?<br>There's wonderful power in the blood.<br><br>Chorus<br>There is power; power; wonder-working power<br>In the blood of the Lamb.<br>There is power power; wonder-working power<br>In the precious blood of the Lamb.<br><br>Would you be free from your passion and pride?<br>There's power in the blood, power in the blood.<br>Come for a cleansing to Calvary's tide;<br>There's wonderful power in the blood.<br><br>Chorus<br>There is power; power; wonder-working power<br>In the blood of the Lamb.<br>There is power power; wonder-working power<br>In the precious blood of the Lamb.<br><br>Would you be whiter, much whiter than snow?<br>There's power in the blood, power in the blood.<br>Sin-stains are lost in its life-giving flow;<br>There's wonderful power in the blood.<br><br>Chorus<br>There is power; power; wonder-working power<br>In the blood of the Lamb.<br>There is power power; wonder-working power<br>In the precious blood of the Lamb.<br><br>Would you do service for Jesus, your King?<br>There's power in the blood, power in the blood.<br>Would you live daily His praises to sing?<br>There's wonderful power in the blood.<br><br>Chorus<br>There is power; power; wonder-working power<br>In the blood of the Lamb.<br>There is power power; wonder-working power<br>In the precious blood of the Lamb.<br><br><br>
