---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 250
tune: Tune R.S. No. 202
author: Mainie P. Ferguson (19th Cent.)
meter: 

---
Fairest of all the earth beside,<br>Chiefest of all unto Thy Bride,<br>Fullness divine in Thee I see,<br>Beautiful Man of Calvary.<br><br>Chorus<br>That Man of Calvary<br>Has won my heart from me,<br>And died to set me free.<br>Blest Man of Calvary.<br><br>Drinking a dire and dreadful cup,<br>Crucified Jesus lifted up,<br>Bearing our guilt and misery,<br>Sorrowful Man of Calvary.<br><br>Chorus<br>That Man of Calvary<br>Has won my heart from me,<br>And died to set me free.<br>Blest Man of Calvary.<br><br>Granting the sinner life and peace,<br>Granting the captive sweet release,<br>Shedding His blood to make us free,<br>Merciful Man of Calvary.<br><br>Chorus<br>That Man of Calvary<br>Has won my heart from me,<br>And died to set me free.<br>Blest Man of Calvary.<br><br>Giving the gifts obtained for men,<br>Pouring out love beyond our ken,<br>Giving us spotless purity.<br>Bountiful Man of Calvary.<br><br>Chorus<br>That Man of Calvary<br>Has won my heart from me,<br>And died to set me free.<br>Blest Man of Calvary.<br><br>Comfort of all my earthly way,<br>Jesus, I'll meet Thee some sweet day.<br>Centre of glory, Thee I'll see.<br>Wonderful Man of Calvary.<br><br>Chorus<br>That Man of Calvary<br>Has won my heart from me,<br>And died to set me free.<br>Blest Man of Calvary.<br><br>Gathered with Thee eternally,<br>Sharing Thy love by glassy sea,<br>Like Thee for ever I shall be.<br>Glorified Man of Calvary.<br><br>Chorus<br>That Man of Calvary<br>Has won my heart from me,<br>And died to set me free.<br>Blest Man of Calvary.<br><br><br>
