---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 256
tune: Tune Londonderry Air
author: William Young Fullertorn (1857-1932)
meter: 

---
I cannot tell why He, whom angels worship<br>Should set His love upon the sons of men,<br>Or why, as Shepherd, He should seek the wanderers,<br>To bring them back, they know not how or when.<br>But this I know, that He was born of Mary,<br>When Bethlehem's manger was His only home,<br>And that He lived at Nazareth and laboured,<br>And so the Saviour, Saviour of the world, is come.<br><br>I cannot tell how silently He suffered,<br>As with His peace He graced this place of tears,<br>Or how His heart upon the cross was broken,<br>The crown of pain to three and thirty years.<br>But this I know, He heals the broken-hearted,<br>And stays our sin, and calms our lurking fear,<br>And lifts the burden from the heavy laden,<br>For yet the Saviour, Saviour of the world, is here.<br><br>I cannot tell how He will win the nations,<br>How He will claim His earthly heritage,<br>How satisfy the needs and aspirations<br>Of east and west, of sinner and of sage.<br>But this I know, all flesh shall see His glory,<br>And He shall reap the harvest He has sown,<br>And some glad day His sun shall shine in splendour<br>When He the Saviour, Saviour of the world, is known.<br><br>I cannot tell how all the lands shall worship,<br>When, at His bidding, every storm is stilled,<br>Or who can say how great the jubilation<br>When all the hearts of men with love are filled.<br>But this I know, the skies will thrill with rapture,<br>And myriad, myriad human voices sing,<br>And earth to heaven, and heaven to earth, will answer<br>At last the Saviour, Saviour of the world, is King.<br><br><br>
