---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 259
tune: 
author: Jean Sophia Pigott (1845-82)
meter: 

---
Jesus, I am resting, resting,<br>In the joy of what Thou art;<br>I am finding out the greatness<br>Of Thy loving heart.<br>Thou hast bid me gaze upon Thee<br>And Thy beauty fills my soul<br>For by Thy transforming power,<br>Thou hast made me whole.<br><br>Chorus<br>Jesus, I am resting, resting,<br>In the joy of what Thou art;<br>I am finding our the greatness<br>Of Thy loving heart.<br><br>O, how great. Thy loving kindness,<br>Vaster, broader than the sea<br>O, how marvellous Thy goodness,<br>Lavished all on me,<br>Yes I rest in Thee, Beloved,<br>Know what wealth of grace is Thine,<br>Know Thy certainty of promise,<br>And have made it mine.<br><br>Chorus<br>Jesus, I am resting, resting,<br>In the joy of what Thou art;<br>I am finding our the greatness<br>Of Thy loving heart.<br><br>Simply trusting Thee, Lord Jesus,<br>I behold Thee as Thou art;<br>And Thy love so pure, so changeless,<br>Satisfies my heart.<br>Satisfies its deepest longings,<br>Meets, supplies its every need,<br>Compasseth me round with blessings;<br>Thine is love indeed.<br><br>Chorus<br>Jesus, I am resting, resting,<br>In the joy of what Thou art;<br>I am finding our the greatness<br>Of Thy loving heart.<br><br>Ever lift Thy face upon me<br>As I work and wait for Thee;<br>Resting 'neath Thy smile, Lord Jesus,<br>Earth's dark shadows flee.<br>Brightness of my Father's glory,<br>Sunshine of my Father's face,<br>Keep me ever trusting, resting,<br>Fill me with Thy grace.<br><br>Chorus<br>Jesus, I am resting, resting,<br>In the joy of what Thou art;<br>I am finding our the greatness<br>Of Thy loving heart.<br><br><br>
