---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 265
tune: 
author: Words Stuart K. Hine &copy; 1949, 1953 The Stuart Hine Trust.  All rights in the USA,  its territories and possessions, except print rights, administered by Capitol CMG Publishing.  USA, North, Central and South America  print rights administered by Hope Publishing Company.   All other non US Americas rights administered by The  Stuart Hine Trust.  Rest of world rights administered by  Integrity Music UK.  All rights reserved.  Used by permission.
meter: P.M.

---
O Lord my God, when I in awesome wonder<br>Consider all the works Thy hands have made.<br>I see the stars, I hear the rolling thunder,<br>Thy power throughout the universe displayed.<br><br>Chorus<br>Then sings my soul, my Saviour God to Thee,<br>How great Thou art! How great Thou art!<br>Then sings my soul, my Saviour God to Thee,<br>How great Thou art! How great Thou art!<br><br>When through the woods and forest glades I wander<br>And hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees,<br>When I look down from lofty mountain grandeur<br>And hear the brook and feel the gentle breeze.<br><br>Chorus<br>Then sings my soul, my Saviour God to Thee,<br>How great Thou art! How great Thou art!<br>Then sings my soul, my Saviour God to Thee,<br>How great Thou art! How great Thou art!<br><br>And when I think, that God, His Son not sparing,<br>Sent Him to die, I scarce can take it in;<br>That, on the cross, my burden gladly bearing,<br>He bled and died to take away my sin.<br><br>Chorus<br>Then sings my soul, my Saviour God to Thee,<br>How great Thou art! How great Thou art!<br>Then sings my soul, my Saviour God to Thee,<br>How great Thou art! How great Thou art!<br><br>When Christ shall come with shout of acclamation<br>And take me home, what joy shall fill my heart;<br>Then I shall bow in humble adoration<br>And there proclaim, "My God, how great Thou art!"<br><br>Chorus<br>Then sings my soul, my Saviour God to Thee,<br>How great Thou art! How great Thou art!<br>Then sings my soul, my Saviour God to Thee,<br>How great Thou art! How great Thou art!<br><br><br>
