---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 275
tune: 
author: Benjamin R. Hanby (1833-67)
meter: P.M.

---
Who is He in yonder stall<br>At whose feet the shepherds fall?<br><br>Chorus<br>Tis the Lord! O wondrous story!<br>Tis the Lord, the King of glory!<br>At His feet we humbly fall;<br>Crown Him! crown Him, Lord of all!<br><br>Who is He in deep distress,<br>Fasting in the wilderness?<br><br>Chorus<br>Tis the Lord! O wondrous story!<br>Tis the Lord, the King of glory!<br>At His feet we humbly fall;<br>Crown Him! crown Him, Lord of all!<br><br>Who is He to whom they bring<br>All the sick and sorrowing?<br><br>Chorus<br>Tis the Lord! O wondrous story!<br>Tis the Lord, the King of glory!<br>At His feet we humbly fall;<br>Crown Him! crown Him, Lord of all!<br><br>Who is He who stands and weeps<br>At the grave where Lazarus sleeps?<br><br>Chorus<br>Tis the Lord! O wondrous story!<br>Tis the Lord, the King of glory!<br>At His feet we humbly fall;<br>Crown Him! crown Him, Lord of all!<br><br>Who is He the gathering throng<br>Greet with loud triumphant song?<br><br>Chorus<br>Tis the Lord! O wondrous story!<br>Tis the Lord, the King of glory!<br>At His feet we humbly fall;<br>Crown Him! crown Him, Lord of all!<br><br>Lo! at midnight, who is He<br>Prays in dark Gethsemane?<br><br>Chorus<br>Tis the Lord! O wondrous story!<br>Tis the Lord, the King of glory!<br>At His feet we humbly fall;<br>Crown Him! crown Him, Lord of all!<br><br>Who is He on yonder tree<br>Dies in grief and agony?<br><br>Chorus<br>Tis the Lord! O wondrous story!<br>Tis the Lord, the King of glory!<br>At His feet we humbly fall;<br>Crown Him! crown Him, Lord of all!<br><br>Who is He who from the grave<br>Comes to heal and help and save?<br><br>Chorus<br>Tis the Lord! O wondrous story!<br>Tis the Lord, the King of glory!<br>At His feet we humbly fall;<br>Crown Him! crown Him, Lord of all!<br><br>Who is He who from the throne<br>Rules through all the worlds alone?<br><br>Chorus<br>Tis the Lord! O wondrous story!<br>Tis the Lord, the King of glory!<br>At His feet we humbly fall;<br>Crown Him! crown Him, Lord of all!<br><br><br>
