---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 278
tune: 
author: Albert Midlane (1825-1909)
meter: P.M.

---
A sweet remembrance fills my soul,<br>As musing o'er the past,<br>When He who, wounded, made me whole.<br>And peace was known at last.<br><br>Chorus<br>At the cross, at the cross,<br>Where I first saw the light,<br>And the burden of my heart rolled away,<br>It was there by faith I received my sight<br>And now I am happy all the day.<br><br>Yes, at the cross and there alone,<br>I found the Saviour near,<br>And heard His voice in sweetest tone,<br>Say, "Trust, and never fear."<br><br>Chorus<br>At the cross, at the cross,<br>Where I first saw the light,<br>And the burden of my heart rolled away,<br>It was there by faith I received my sight<br>And now I am happy all the day.<br><br>O, can I e'er forget the joy<br>Of that blest meeting place?<br>That gift divine sent from on high,<br>God's saving wondrous grace!<br><br>Chorus<br>At the cross, at the cross,<br>Where I first saw the light,<br>And the burden of my heart rolled away,<br>It was there by faith I received my sight<br>And now I am happy all the day.<br><br>Still at the cross I love to be,<br>Its glories ne'er grow dim,<br>My Lord, my Life, my all I see<br>As gazing upon Him.<br><br>Chorus<br>At the cross, at the cross,<br>Where I first saw the light,<br>And the burden of my heart rolled away,<br>It was there by faith I received my sight<br>And now I am happy all the day.<br><br>And when amid the radiant throng<br>In glory I shall be,<br>The cross! the cross! shall be my song<br>Of endless victory!<br><br>Chorus<br>At the cross, at the cross,<br>Where I first saw the light,<br>And the burden of my heart rolled away,<br>It was there by faith I received my sight<br>And now I am happy all the day.<br><br><br>
