---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 28
tune: Tune B.H.B. No. 335
author: Daniel W. Whittle (1840-1901)
meter: L.M.D.

---
Come sing my soul, and praise the Lord,<br>Who hath redeemed thee by His blood,<br>Delivered thee from chains that bound,<br>And brought thee to redemption ground.<br><br>Chorus<br>Redemption ground the ground of peace:<br>Redemption ground, O wondrous grace,<br>Here let our praise to God abound,<br>Who saves us on redemption ground.<br><br>Once from my God I wandered far,<br>And with His holy will made war;<br>But now my songs to God abound,<br>I'm standing on redemption ground.<br><br>Chorus<br>Redemption ground the ground of peace:<br>Redemption ground, O wondrous grace,<br>Here let our praise to God abound,<br>Who saves us on redemption ground.<br><br>O, joyous hour when God to me<br>His Son revealed on Calvary!<br>My bonds were loosed, my soul unbound;<br>I sang upon redemption ground.<br><br>No works of merit now I plead,<br>But Jesus take for all my need;<br>No righteousness in me is found,<br>Except upon redemption ground.<br><br>Chorus<br>Redemption ground the ground of peace:<br>Redemption ground, O wondrous grace,<br>Here let our praise to God abound,<br>Who saves us on redemption ground.<br><br>Come, weary soul, and here find rest;<br>Accept redemption and be blest;<br>The Christ Who died, by God is crowned,<br>To pardon on redemption ground.<br><br>Chorus<br>Redemption ground the ground of peace:<br>Redemption ground, O wondrous grace,<br>Here let our praise to God abound,<br>Who saves us on redemption ground.<br><br><br>
