---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 298
tune: 
author: Leonard Weaver (19th Cent.)
meter: P.M.

---
I have a Shepherd, One I love so well;<br>How He has blessed me, tongue can never tell;<br>On the cross He suffered, shed His blood and died,<br>That I might ever in His love confide.<br><br>Chorus<br>Following Jesus ever day by day,<br>Nothing can harm me when He leads the way;<br>Darkness or sunshine, whate'er befall,<br>Jesus, the Shepherd, is my all in all.<br><br>Pastures abundant doth His hand provide,<br>Still waters flowing ever at my side;<br>Goodness and mercy follow on my track,<br>With such a Shepherd nothing can I lack.<br><br>Chorus<br>Following Jesus ever day by day,<br>Nothing can harm me when He leads the way;<br>Darkness or sunshine, whate'er befall,<br>Jesus, the Shepherd, is my all in all.<br><br>When I would wander from the path astray,<br>Then He will draw me back into the way;<br>In the darkest valley I need fear no ill,<br>For He my Shepherd, will be with me still.<br><br>Chorus<br>Following Jesus ever day by day,<br>Nothing can harm me when He leads the way;<br>Darkness or sunshine, whate'er befall,<br>Jesus, the Shepherd, is my all in all.<br><br>When labour's ended and the journey done,<br>Then He will lead me safely to my home;<br>There shall I dwell in rapture sure and sweet,<br>With all the loved ones gathered round His feet.<br><br>Chorus<br>Following Jesus ever day by day,<br>Nothing can harm me when He leads the way;<br>Darkness or sunshine, whate'er befall,<br>Jesus, the Shepherd, is my all in all.<br><br><br>
