---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 307
tune: 
author: Charles W. Fry (1837-82)
meter: P.M.

---
I've found a friend in Jesus, He's everything to me;<br>He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.<br>The Lily of the Valley, in Him alone I see,<br>All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole;<br>In sorrow He's my comfort,<br>In trouble He's my stay;<br>He tells me every care on Him to roll<br>He's the Lily of the Valley,<br>The Bright and Morning Star;<br>He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.<br><br>Chorus<br>In sorrow He's my comfort,<br>In trouble He's my stay;<br>He tells me every care on Him to roll.<br>He's the Lily of the Valley,<br>The Bright and Morning Star;<br>He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.<br><br>He all my grief has taken, and all my sorrows borne;<br>In temptation He's my strong and mighty tower;<br>I've all for Him forsaken, I've all my idols torn<br>From my heart and now He keeps me by His power.<br>Though all the world forsake me,<br>And Satan tempt me sore,<br>Through Jesus I shall safely reach the goal;<br>He's the Lily of the Valley,<br>The Bright and Morning Star;<br>He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.<br><br>Chorus<br>In sorrow He's my comfort,<br>In trouble He's my stay;<br>He tells me every care on Him to roll.<br>He's the Lily of the Valley,<br>The Bright and Morning Star;<br>He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.<br><br>He'll never, never leave me, nor yet forsake me here,<br>While I live by faith, and do His blessed will;<br>A wall of fire about me, I've nothing now to fear:<br>With His manna He my hungry soul shall fill.<br>Then sweeping up to glory<br>I'll see His blessed face,<br>Where rivers of delight shall ever roll;<br>He's the Lily of the Valley,<br>The Bright and Morning Star;<br>He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.<br><br>Chorus<br>In sorrow He's my comfort,<br>In trouble He's my stay;<br>He tells me every care on Him to roll.<br>He's the Lily of the Valley,<br>The Bright and Morning Star;<br>He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.<br><br><br>
