---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 325
tune: 
author: Henry L. Gilmour (1837-1920)
meter: P.M.

---
My soul in sad exile was out on life's sea,<br>So burdened with sin and distressed,<br>'Till I heard a sweet voice saying, "Make Me your choice";<br>And I entered the haven of rest.<br><br>Chorus<br>I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest,<br>I'll sail the wide seas no more;<br>The tempest may sweep o'er the wild stormy deep,<br>In Jesus I'm safe evermore.<br><br>I yielded myself to His tender embrace,<br>And faith taking hold of the Word,<br>My fetters fell off, and I anchored my soul;<br>The haven of rest is my Lord.<br><br>Chorus<br>I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest,<br>I'll sail the wide seas no more;<br>The tempest may sweep o'er the wild stormy deep,<br>In Jesus I'm safe evermore.<br><br>The song of my soul, since the Lord made me whole,<br>Has been the old story so blest,<br>Of Jesus, who'll save whosoever will have<br>A home in the haven of rest.<br><br>Chorus<br>I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest,<br>I'll sail the wide seas no more;<br>The tempest may sweep o'er the wild stormy deep,<br>In Jesus I'm safe evermore.<br><br>How precious the thought that we all may recline,<br>Like John, the beloved and blest;<br>On Jesus' strong arms, where no tempest can harm,<br>Secure in the haven of rest.<br><br>Chorus<br>I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest,<br>I'll sail the wide seas no more;<br>The tempest may sweep o'er the wild stormy deep,<br>In Jesus I'm safe evermore.<br><br>O come to the Saviour! He patiently waits<br>To save by His power divine;<br>Come, anchor your soul in the haven of rest,<br>And say, "My Beloved is mine."<br><br>Chorus<br>I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest,<br>I'll sail the wide seas no more;<br>The tempest may sweep o'er the wild stormy deep,<br>In Jesus I'm safe evermore.<br><br><br>
