---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 328
tune: Tune C.H.F. No. 408
author: T. D. W. Muir (1855-1931)
meter: L.M.

---
O child of God, there is for thee<br>A hope that shines amid the gloom,<br>A gladsome hope that thou shalt see<br>Thy Lord, for He will surely come.<br><br>Chorus<br>He'll come, yes, He'll come and tarry not,<br>He'll come, yes, He'll come and tarry not,<br>He'll come, He'll come,<br>He'll come and terry not.<br><br>When in this world His hands had made,<br>No room was found for Jesus then;<br>The mountain-side was oft His bed,<br>Now glorified, He comes again.<br><br>Chorus<br>He'll come, yes, He'll come and tarry not,<br>He'll come, yes, He'll come and tarry not,<br>He'll come, He'll come,<br>He'll come and terry not.<br><br>Exalted now to heaven's throne,<br>The Saviour there of sinful men,<br>His loving heart yearns o'er His own<br>And for them He will come again.<br><br>Chorus<br>He'll come, yes, He'll come and tarry not,<br>He'll come, yes, He'll come and tarry not,<br>He'll come, He'll come,<br>He'll come and terry not.<br><br>O, child of God, thy lot may be<br>Oft mixed with trial, grief and pain;<br>Look up! He'll surely come for thee,<br>He says "I quickly come again."<br><br>Chorus<br>He'll come, yes, He'll come and tarry not,<br>He'll come, yes, He'll come and tarry not,<br>He'll come, He'll come,<br>He'll come and terry not.<br><br>Then joy unmingled will be thine,<br>Earth's tears and trials all forgot;<br>So cheer thy heart, no more repine,  <br>His word is sure "He'll tarry not."<br><br>Chorus<br>He'll come, yes, He'll come and tarry not,<br>He'll come, yes, He'll come and tarry not,<br>He'll come, He'll come,<br>He'll come and terry not.<br><br><br>
