---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 332
tune: B.H.B. No. 223
author: Daniel W. Whittle (1840-1901)
meter: 

---
Our Lord is now rejected<br>And by the world disowned,<br>By the many still neglected,<br>And by the few enthroned.<br>But soon He'll come in glory,<br>The hour is drawing nigh,<br>For the crowning day is coming by and by.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the crowning day is coming,<br>Is coming by and by,<br>When our Lord shall come in power:<br>And glory from on high;<br>O, the glorious sight will gladden<br>Each waiting, watchful eye,<br>In the crowning day that's coming by and by.<br><br>The heavens shall glow with splendour<br>But brighter far than they,<br>The saints shall shine in glory<br>As Christ shall them array.<br>The beauty of the Saviour<br>Shall dazzle every eye.<br>In the crowning day that's coming by and by.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the crowning day is coming,<br>Is coming by and by,<br>When our Lord shall come in power:<br>And glory from on high;<br>O, the glorious sight will gladden<br>Each waiting, watchful eye,<br>In the crowning day that's coming by and by.<br><br>Our pain shall then be over,<br>We'll sin and sigh no more,<br>Behind us all our sorrow<br>And nought but joy before;<br>A joy in our Redeemer,<br>As we to Him are nigh.<br>In the crowning day that's coming by and by.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the crowning day is coming,<br>Is coming by and by,<br>When our Lord shall come in power:<br>And glory from on high;<br>O, the glorious sight will gladden<br>Each waiting, watchful eye,<br>In the crowning day that's coming by and by.<br><br>Let all who look for, hasten<br>The coming joyful day<br>By earnest consecration<br>To walk the narrow way;<br>By gathering in the lost ones<br>For whom our Lord did die,<br>For the crowning day that's coming by and by.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the crowning day is coming,<br>Is coming by and by,<br>When our Lord shall come in power:<br>And glory from on high;<br>O, the glorious sight will gladden<br>Each waiting, watchful eye,<br>In the crowning day that's coming by and by.<br><br><br>
