---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 341
tune: 
author: R. Kelso Carter (1849-1928)
meter: P.M.

---
Standing on the promises of Christ, my King,<br>Through eternal ages let His praises ring;<br>Glory in the highest, I will shout and sing;<br>Standing on the promises of God.<br><br>Chorus<br>Standing, standing,<br>Standing on the promises of God, my Saviour;<br>Standing, standing,<br>I'm standing on the promises of God.<br><br>Standing on the promises that cannot fail<br>When the howling storms of doubt and fear assail,<br>By the living Word of God I shall prevail,<br>Standing on the promises of God.<br><br>Chorus<br>Standing, standing,<br>Standing on the promises of God, my Saviour;<br>Standing, standing,<br>I'm standing on the promises of God.<br><br>Standing on the promises I now can see<br>Perfect, present cleansing in the blood for me;<br>Standing in the liberty where Christ makes free,<br>Standing on the promises of God.<br><br>Chorus<br>Standing, standing,<br>Standing on the promises of God, my Saviour;<br>Standing, standing,<br>I'm standing on the promises of God.<br><br>Standing on the promises of Christ the Lord,<br>Bound to Him eternally by love's strong cord,<br>Overcoming daily with the Spirit's sword,<br>Standing on the promises of God.<br><br>Chorus<br>Standing, standing,<br>Standing on the promises of God, my Saviour;<br>Standing, standing,<br>I'm standing on the promises of God.<br><br>Standing on the promises I cannot fall,<br>Listening every moment to the Spirit's call,<br>Resting in my Saviour as my all in all,<br>Standing on the promises of God.<br><br>Chorus<br>Standing, standing,<br>Standing on the promises of God, my Saviour;<br>Standing, standing,<br>I'm standing on the promises of God.<br><br><br>
