---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 346
tune: 
author: Isaac Watts (1674-1748)
meter: P.M.

---
There is a land of pure delight<br>Where saints immortal reign,<br>Infinite day excludes the night<br>And pleasures banish pain.<br><br>Chorus<br>We're feeding on the living Bread,<br>We're drinking at the fountain head<br>And whoso drinketh, Jesus said,<br>Shall never; never thirst again!<br>What! never thirst again?<br>No, never thirst again!<br>What! never thirst again?<br>No, never thirst again!<br>And whoso drinketh, Jesus said,<br>Shall never; never thirst again!<br><br>There, everlasting spring abides<br>And never withering flowers;<br>Death, like a narrow sea divides<br>This heavenly land from ours.<br><br>Chorus<br>We're feeding on the living Bread,<br>We're drinking at the fountain head<br>And whoso drinketh, Jesus said,<br>Shall never; never thirst again!<br>What! never thirst again?<br>No, never thirst again!<br>What! never thirst again?<br>No, never thirst again!<br>And whoso drinketh, Jesus said,<br>Shall never; never thirst again!<br><br>O could we make our doubts remove<br>Those gloomy thoughts that rise,<br>And see the Canaan that we love<br>With unbeclouded eyes!<br><br>Chorus<br>We're feeding on the living Bread,<br>We're drinking at the fountain head<br>And whoso drinketh, Jesus said,<br>Shall never; never thirst again!<br>What! never thirst again?<br>No, never thirst again!<br>What! never thirst again?<br>No, never thirst again!<br>And whoso drinketh, Jesus said,<br>Shall never; never thirst again!<br><br>Could we but climb where Moses stood<br>And view the landscape o'er,<br>Not Jordan's stream, nor death's cold flood<br>Should fright us from the shore.<br><br>Chorus<br>We're marching through Immanuel's ground<br>And soon shall hear the trumpet sound,<br>And then we shall with Jesus reign<br>And never; never part again!<br>What! never part again?<br>No, never part again!<br>What! never part again?<br>No, never part again!<br>And then we shall with Jesus reign<br>And never; never part a gain!<br><br><br>
