---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 354
tune: Tune R.S. No. 364
author: Fanny J. Crosby (1820-1915)
meter: 

---
When my life's work is ended<br>And I cross the swelling tide,<br>When the bright and glorious morning I shall see;<br>I shall know my Redeemer<br>When I reach the other side,<br>And His smile will be the first to welcome me.<br><br>Chorus<br>I shall know Him, I shall know Him.<br>As redeemed by His side I shall stand,<br>I shall know Him, I shall know Him,<br>By the print of the nail in His hand.<br><br>O, the soul-thrilling rapture,<br>When I view His blessed face<br>And the lustre of His kindly beaming eye;<br>How my full heart will praise Him<br>For the mercy, love and grace,<br>That prepares for me a mansion in the sky.<br><br>Chorus<br>I shall know Him, I shall know Him.<br>As redeemed by His side I shall stand,<br>I shall know Him, I shall know Him,<br>By the print of the nail in His hand.<br><br>O, the dear ones in glory,<br>How they wait for me to come,<br>And our paning at the river I recall;<br>To the sweet vales of Eden.<br>They will sing my welcome home,<br>But I long to meet my Saviour first of all.<br><br>Chorus<br>I shall know Him, I shall know Him.<br>As redeemed by His side I shall stand,<br>I shall know Him, I shall know Him,<br>By the print of the nail in His hand.<br><br>Through the gates to the city,<br>In a robe of spotless white,<br>He will lead me where no tears will ever fall;<br>In the glad song of ages<br>I shall mingle with delight,<br>But I long to meet my Saviour first of all.<br><br>Chorus<br>I shall know Him, I shall know Him.<br>As redeemed by His side I shall stand,<br>I shall know Him, I shall know Him,<br>By the print of the nail in His hand.<br><br><br>
