---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 356
tune: Tune R.S. No. 5
author: Johnson Oatman Jr. (1856-1926)
meter: 11.11.11.11.

---
When upon life's billows you are tempest tossed,<br>When you are discouraged, thinking all is lost,<br>Count your many blessings, name them one by one,<br>And it will surprise you what the Lord hath done.<br><br>Chorus<br>Count your blessings, name them one by one,<br>Count your blessings, see what God hath done;<br>Count your blessings, name them one by one,<br>And it will surprise you what the Lord hath done.<br><br>Are you ever burdened with a load of care?<br>Does the cross seem heavy you are called to bear?<br>Count your many blessings, every doubt will fly<br>And you will be singing as the days go by.<br><br>Chorus<br>Count your blessings, name them one by one,<br>Count your blessings, see what God hath done;<br>Count your blessings, name them one by one,<br>And it will surprise you what the Lord hath done.<br><br>When you look at others with their lands and gold,<br>Think that Christ has promised you His wealth untold;<br>Count your many blessings, money cannot buy<br>Your reward in heaven, nor your home on high.<br><br>Chorus<br>Count your blessings, name them one by one,<br>Count your blessings, see what God hath done;<br>Count your blessings, name them one by one,<br>And it will surprise you what the Lord hath done.<br><br>So amid the conflict, whether great or small,<br>Do not be discouraged, God is over all,<br>Count your many blessings, angels will attend,<br>Help and comfort give you to journey's end.<br><br>Chorus<br>Count your blessings, name them one by one,<br>Count your blessings, see what God hath done;<br>Count your blessings, name them one by one,<br>And it will surprise you what the Lord hath done.<br><br><br>
