---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 382
tune: 
author: E. M. H. Gates
meter: P.M.

---
How many sheep are straying,<br>Lost from the Saviour's fold;<br>Upon the lonely mountains<br>They shiver with the cold;<br>Within the tangled thickets<br>Where poison vines do creep,<br>And over rocky ledges<br>Wander the poor lost sheep.<br><br>Chorus<br>O come let us go and find them,<br>In the paths of death they roam.<br>At the close of the day 'twill be sweet to say,<br>"I have brought some lost one home."<br><br>O who will seek to find them?<br>Who for the Saviour's sake<br>Will search with tireless patience<br>Through brier and through brake?<br>Unheeding thirst and hunger,<br>Who still from day to day<br>Will seek as for a treasure,<br>The sheep that went astray?<br><br>Chorus<br>O come let us go and find them,<br>In the paths of death they roam.<br>At the close of the day 'twill be sweet to say,<br>"I have brought some lost one home."<br><br>Say will you seek to find them?<br>From pleasant bowers of ease<br>Will you go forth determined<br>To find the least of these?<br>For still the Saviour calls them,<br>And looks across the Wold;<br>And still He holds wide open<br>The door into His fold.<br><br>Chorus<br>O come let us go and find them,<br>In the paths of death they roam.<br>At the close of the day 'twill be sweet to say,<br>"I have brought some lost one home."<br><br>How sweet 'twould be at evening<br>lf you and I could say,<br>"Good Shepherd we've been seeking<br>The sheep that went astray;<br>Heart-sore and faint with hunger.<br>We heard them making moan,<br>And lo! with joy returning,<br>We bear them safely home."<br><br>Chorus<br>O come let us go and find them,<br>In the paths of death they roam.<br>At the close of the day 'twill be sweet to say,<br>"I have brought some lost one home."<br><br><br>
