---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 393
tune: 
author: Albert Midlane (1825-1909)
meter: S.M.D.

---
Revive Thy work, O Lord!<br>Thy mighty arm make bare;<br>Speak with the voice that wakes the dead,<br>And make Thy people hear.<br><br>Chorus<br>Revive Thy work, O Lord,<br>And give refreshing showers;<br>The glory shall be all Thine own<br>The blessing shall be ours.<br><br>Revive Thy work, O Lord!<br>Disturb this sleep of death;<br>Quicken the smould'ring embers now<br>By Thine almighty breath.<br><br>Chorus<br>Revive Thy work, O Lord,<br>And give refreshing showers;<br>The glory shall be all Thine own<br>The blessing shall be ours.<br><br>Revive Thy work, O Lord!<br>Create soul-thirst for Thee,<br>And hungering for the bread of life,<br>O, may our spirits be.<br><br>Chorus<br>Revive Thy work, O Lord,<br>And give refreshing showers;<br>The glory shall be all Thine own<br>The blessing shall be ours.<br><br>Revive Thy work, O Lord!<br>Exalt Thy precious name,<br>And by the Holy Ghost our love<br>For Thee and Thine inflame.<br><br>Chorus<br>Revive Thy work, O Lord,<br>And give refreshing showers;<br>The glory shall be all Thine own<br>The blessing shall be ours.<br><br>Revive Thy work, O Lord!<br>Let many souls be saved;<br>Make bare Thine arm, and rescue men,<br>By nature all depraved.<br><br>Chorus<br>Revive Thy work, O Lord,<br>And give refreshing showers;<br>The glory shall be all Thine own<br>The blessing shall be ours.<br><br>Then fit us for Thy work,<br>Endue with power divine;<br>Lord, keep us earnest in Thy cause,<br>The glory shall be Thine!<br><br>Chorus<br>Revive Thy work, O Lord,<br>And give refreshing showers;<br>The glory shall be all Thine own<br>The blessing shall be ours.<br><br><br>
