---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 403
tune: 
author: Fanny J. Crosby (1820-1915)
meter: P.M.

---
To the work! to the work! we are servants of God,<br>Let us follow the path that our Master has trod;<br>With the balm of His counsel our strength to renew,<br>Let us do with our might what our hands find to do.<br><br>Chorus<br>Toiling on, toiling on, toiling on, toiling on,<br>Let us hope and trust, Let us watch and pray,<br>And labour till the Master comes.<br><br>To the work! to the work! let the hungry be fed;<br>To the fountain of life, let the weary be led;<br>In the cross and its banner our glory shall be,<br>While we herald the tidings, "Salvation is free."<br><br>Chorus<br>Toiling on, toiling on, toiling on, toiling on,<br>Let us hope and trust, Let us watch and pray,<br>And labour till the Master comes.<br><br>To the work! to the work! there is labour for all,<br>For the kingdom of darkness and error shall fall,<br>And the name of Jehovah exalted shall be<br>In the loud swelling chorus, "Salvation is free."<br><br>Chorus<br>Toiling on, toiling on, toiling on, toiling on,<br>Let us hope and trust, Let us watch and pray,<br>And labour till the Master comes.<br><br>To the work! to the work! pressing on to the end,<br>For the harvest will come and the reapers descend;<br>And the home of the ransomed our dwelling shall be,<br>And our chorus for ever, "Salvation is free."<br><br>Chorus<br>Toiling on, toiling on, toiling on, toiling on,<br>Let us hope and trust, Let us watch and pray,<br>And labour till the Master comes.<br><br><br>
