---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 405
tune: 
author: Henry Ernest Nichol (1862-1928)
meter: 

---
We've a story to tell to the nations,<br>That shall turn their hearts to the right;<br>A story of truth and mercy,<br>A story of peace and light,<br>A story of peace and light.<br><br>Chorus<br>For the darkness shall turn to dawning,<br>And the dawning to noon-day bright,<br>And Christ's great kingdom shall come to earth,<br>The kingdom of love and light.<br><br>We've a song to be sung to the nations,<br>That shall lift their hearts to the Lord;<br>A song that shall conquer evil,<br>And shatter the spear and sword,<br>And shatter the spear and sword.<br><br>Chorus<br>For the darkness shall turn to dawning,<br>And the dawning to noon-day bright,<br>And Christ's great kingdom shall come to earth,<br>The kingdom of love and light.<br><br>We've a message to give to the nations,<br>That the Lord who reigneth above<br>Hath sent us His Son to save us,<br>And show us that God is love,<br>And show us that God is love.<br><br>Chorus<br>For the darkness shall turn to dawning,<br>And the dawning to noon-day bright,<br>And Christ's great kingdom shall come to earth,<br>The kingdom of love and light.<br><br>We've a Saviour to show to the nations,<br>Who the path of sorrow has trod,<br>That all of the world's great peoples,<br>Might come to the truth of God,<br>Might come to the truth of God.<br><br>Chorus<br>For the darkness shall turn to dawning,<br>And the dawning to noon-day bright,<br>And Christ's great kingdom shall come to earth,<br>The kingdom of love and light.<br><br><br>
