---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 45
tune: Tune R.S. No. 40
author: 
meter: 10.10.10.12.

---
Hark! sinner, hark, we have tidings so true;<br>Tidings of pardon and blessing for you!<br>God, in His Word, says that Christ on the tree,<br>Died for guilty sinners, and salvation is free.<br><br>Chorus<br>Hear the news, sinner, free! free! free!<br>Why not believe it, 'tis good news for thee;<br>Jesus, the Just One, has died on the tree,<br>Died for guilty sinners, and salvation is free.<br><br>Guilty you are, yet we know very well<br>Jesus has suffered to save you from hell;<br>Though now condemned, justified you may be,<br>Jesus paid the ransom, and salvation is free.<br><br>Chorus<br>Hear the news, sinner, free! free! free!<br>Why not believe it, 'tis good news for thee;<br>Jesus, the Just One, has died on the tree,<br>Died for guilty sinners, and salvation is free.<br><br>Trust not in doing, it cannot avail,<br>Good resolutions and works can but fail;<br>Grace, grace alone, is the saved sinner's plea<br>"Not of works," the Scriptures say, salvation is free.<br><br>Chorus<br>Hear the news, sinner, free! free! free!<br>Why not believe it, 'tis good news for thee;<br>Jesus, the Just One, has died on the tree,<br>Died for guilty sinners, and salvation is free.<br><br>Trust not in feelings, your heart is depraved,<br>Trust only Jesus, and you shall be saved;<br>Tears of repentance, though real they may be,<br>Ne'er can purchase heaven, for salvation is free.<br><br>Chorus<br>Hear the news, sinner, free! free! free!<br>Why not believe it, 'tis good news for thee;<br>Jesus, the Just One, has died on the tree,<br>Died for guilty sinners, and salvation is free.<br><br><br>
