---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 75
tune: Tune R.S. No. 66
author: Francis H. Rowley (1854-1952)
meter: 8.7.8.7.D.

---
I will sing the wondrous story<br>Of the Christ who died for me;<br>How He left His home in glory,<br>For the cross of Calvary.<br><br>Chorus<br>Yes, I'll sing the wondrous story<br>Of the Christ who died for me;<br>Sing it with the saints in glory<br>Gathered by the crystal sea.<br><br>I was lost but Jesus found me,<br>Found the sheep that went astray;<br>Threw His loving arms around me,<br>Drew me back into His way.<br><br>Chorus<br>Yes, I'll sing the wondrous story<br>Of the Christ who died for me;<br>Sing it with the saints in glory<br>Gathered by the crystal sea.<br><br>I was bruised, but Jesus healed me,<br>Faint was I from many a fall;<br>Sight was gone and fears possessed me<br>But He freed me from them all.<br><br>Chorus<br>Yes, I'll sing the wondrous story<br>Of the Christ who died for me;<br>Sing it with the saints in glory<br>Gathered by the crystal sea.<br><br>Days of darkness still come o'er me;<br>Sorrow's path I often tread;<br>But the Saviour still is with me,<br>By His hand I'm safely led.<br><br>Chorus<br>Yes, I'll sing the wondrous story<br>Of the Christ who died for me;<br>Sing it with the saints in glory<br>Gathered by the crystal sea.<br><br>He will keep me till the river<br>Roll its waters at my feet;<br>Then He'll bear me safely over,<br>Where the loved ones I shall meet.<br><br>Chorus<br>Yes, I'll sing the wondrous story<br>Of the Christ who died for me;<br>Sing it with the saints in glory<br>Gathered by the crystal sea.<br><br><br>
