---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 77
tune: Tune R.S. No. 809
author: Ina D. Ogdon
meter: 11.11.11.11.

---
If I could only tell Him as I know Him,<br>My Redeemer who has brightened all my way;<br>If I could tell how precious is His presence,<br>I am sure that you would make Him yours today.<br><br>Chorus<br>Could I tell it, could I tell it,<br>How the sunshine of His presence, lights my way;<br>I would tell it, I would tell it<br>And I'm sure that you would make Him yours today.<br><br>If I could only tell you how He loves you,<br>And if we could through the lonely garden go;<br>If I could tell His dying pain and pardon,<br>You would worship at His wounded feet, I know.<br><br>Chorus<br>Could I tell it, could I tell it,<br>How the sunshine of His presence, lights my way;<br>I would tell it, I would tell it<br>And I'm sure that you would make Him yours today.<br><br>If I could tell how sweet will be His welcome<br>In that home whose matchless beauty ne'er was told;<br>The Father's mansions stand by living waters<br>And the trees of healing shade the street of gold.<br><br>Chorus<br>Could I tell it, could I tell it,<br>How the sunshine of His presence, lights my way;<br>I would tell it, I would tell it<br>And I'm sure that you would make Him yours today.<br><br>But I can never tell Him as I know Him;<br>Human tongue can never tell all love divine;<br>I only can entreat you to accept Him;<br>You can know Him only when you make Him thine.<br><br>Chorus<br>Could I tell it, could I tell it,<br>How the sunshine of His presence, lights my way;<br>I would tell it, I would tell it<br>And I'm sure that you would make Him yours today.<br><br><br>
