---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 79
tune: 
author: Mrs. C.H. Morris
meter: P.M.

---
In fancy I stood by the shore, one day,<br>Of the beautiful murmuring sea;<br>I saw the great crowds as they thronged the way<br>Of the Stranger of Galilee;<br>I saw how the man who was blind from birth,<br>In a moment was made to see;<br>The lame was made whole by the matchless skill<br>Of the Stranger of Galilee.<br><br>Chorus<br>And I felt I could love Him forever;<br>So gracious and tender was He!<br>I claimed Him that day as my Saviour;<br>This Stranger of Galilee.<br><br>His look of compassion, His words of love,<br>They shall never forgotten be,<br>When sin-sick and helpless He saw me there,<br>This Stranger of Galilee:<br>He showed me His hand and His riven side,<br>And He whispered "It was for thee!"<br>My burden fell off at the pierced feet<br>Of the Stranger of Galilee.<br><br>Chorus<br>And I felt I could love Him forever;<br>So gracious and tender was He!<br>I claimed Him that day as my Saviour;<br>This Stranger of Galilee.<br><br>I heard Him speak peace to the angry waves,<br>Of that turbulent, raging sea;<br>And lo! at His word are the waters stilled,<br>This Stranger of Galilee;<br>A peaceful, a quiet and holy calm,<br>Now and ever abides with me;<br>He holdeth my life in His mighty hands,<br>This Stranger of Galilee.<br><br>Chorus<br>And I felt I could love Him forever;<br>So gracious and tender was He!<br>I claimed Him that day as my Saviour;<br>This Stranger of Galilee.<br><br>Come ye, who are driven, and tempest-tossed,<br>And His gracious salvation see;<br>He'll quiet life's storms with His "Peace, be still!"<br>This Stranger of Galilee;<br>He bids me to go and the story tell<br>What He ever to you will be,<br>If only you let Him with you abide,<br>This Stranger of Galilee.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, my friend, won't you love Him forever<br>So gracious and tender is He!<br>Accept Him today as your Saviour:<br>This Stranger of Galilee.<br><br><br>
