---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 81
tune: Tune R.S. No. 141
author: W. Spencer Walton (19th Cent.)
meter: 7.6.7.6.8.8.

---
In tenderness He sought me,<br>Weary and sick with sin,<br>And on His shoulders brought me<br>Back to His fold again.<br>While angels in His presence sang<br>Until the courts of heaven rang.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the love that sought me!<br>O, the blood that bought me!<br>O, the grace that brought me to the fold,<br>Wondrous grace that brought me to the fold!<br><br>He washed the bleeding sin-wounds,<br>And poured in oil and wine;<br>He whispered to assure me,<br>"I've found thee, thou art Mine;"<br>I never heard a sweeter voice,<br>It made my aching heart rejoice.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the love that sought me!<br>O, the blood that bought me!<br>O, the grace that brought me to the fold,<br>Wondrous grace that brought me to the fold!<br><br>He pointed to the nail-prints,<br>For me His blood was shed,<br>A mocking crown so thorny <br>Was placed upon His head.<br>I wonder what He saw in me<br>To suffer such deep agony.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the love that sought me!<br>O, the blood that bought me!<br>O, the grace that brought me to the fold,<br>Wondrous grace that brought me to the fold!<br><br>I'm sitting in His presence,<br>The sunshine of His face,<br>While with adoring wonder<br>His blessings I retrace.<br>It seems as if eternal days<br>Are far too short to sound His praise.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the love that sought me!<br>O, the blood that bought me!<br>O, the grace that brought me to the fold,<br>Wondrous grace that brought me to the fold!<br><br>So while the hours are passing,<br>All now is perfect rest;<br>I'm waiting for the morning,<br>The brightest and the best,<br>When He will call us to His side,<br>To be with Him, His spotless bride.<br><br>Chorus<br>O, the love that sought me!<br>O, the blood that bought me!<br>O, the grace that brought me to the fold,<br>Wondrous grace that brought me to the fold!<br><br><br>
