---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 87
tune: 
author: Mary J. Walker (1816-78)
meter: 11.11.11.11.

---
Jesus, I will trust Thee, trust Thee with my soul,<br>Guilty, lost and helpless; Thou canst make me whole.<br>There is none in heaven nor on earth like Thee;<br>Thou hast died for sinners - therefore Lord for me.<br><br>Chorus<br>Jesus, I will trust Thee, trust Thee with my soul,<br>Guilty lost and helpless, Thou canst make me whole.<br><br>Jesus, I may trust Thee, name of matchless worth,<br>Spoken by the angel at Thy wondrous birth;<br>Written, and for ever, on Thy cross of shame,<br>Sinners read and worship, trusting in that Name.<br><br>Chorus<br>Jesus, I will trust Thee, trust Thee with my soul,<br>Guilty lost and helpless, Thou canst make me whole.<br><br>Jesus, I must trust Thee, pondering Thy ways,<br>Full of love and mercy all Thine earthly days;<br>Sinners gathered round Thee, lepers sought Thy face,<br>None too vile or loathsome for a Saviour's grace.<br><br>Chorus<br>Jesus, I will trust Thee, trust Thee with my soul,<br>Guilty lost and helpless, Thou canst make me whole.<br><br>Jesus, I can trust Thee, trust Thy written Word,<br>Though Thy voice of pity I have never heard;<br>When Thy Spirit teacheth, to my taste how sweet,<br>Only may I hearken, sitting at Thy feet.<br><br>Chorus<br>Jesus, I will trust Thee, trust Thee with my soul,<br>Guilty lost and helpless, Thou canst make me whole.<br><br>Jesus, I do trust Thee, trust without a doubt:<br>"Whosoever cometh Thou wilt not cast out,"<br>Faithful is Thy promise, precious is Thy blood;<br>These my soul's salvation, Thou my Saviour God.<br><br>Chorus<br>Jesus, I do trust Thee, trust without a doubt,<br>Whosoever cometh Thou wilt not cost out.<br><br><br>
