---

layout: hymn
hymn-number: 93
tune: R.S. 231
author: 
meter: P.M.

---
Life at best is very brief,<br>Like the falling of a leaf,<br>Like the binding of a sheaf,<br>Be in time.<br>Fleeting days are telling fast,<br>That the die will soon be cast,<br>And the fatal line be passed,<br>Be in time.<br><br>Chorus<br>Be in time, be in time<br>While the voice of Jesus calls you, be in time<br>If in sin you longer wait,<br>You may find no open gate<br>And your cry be just too late,<br>Be in time.<br><br>Fairest flowers soon decay,<br>Youth and beauty pass away,<br>O, you have not long to stay,<br>Be in time.<br>While God's Spirit bids you come,<br>Sinner, do not longer roam,<br>Lest you seal your hopeless doom,<br>Be in time.<br><br>Chorus<br>Be in time, be in time<br>While the voice of Jesus calls you, be in time<br>If in sin you longer wait,<br>You may find no open gate<br>And your cry be just too late,<br>Be in time.<br><br>Time is gliding swiftly by,<br>Death and judgment draweth nigh,<br>To the arms of Jesus fly,<br>Be in time.<br>O, I pray you count the cost,<br>Ere the fatal line be crossed,<br>And your soul in hell be lost,<br>Be in time.<br><br>Chorus<br>Be in time, be in time<br>While the voice of Jesus calls you, be in time<br>If in sin you longer wait,<br>You may find no open gate<br>And your cry be just too late,<br>Be in time.<br><br>Sinner, heed the warning voice,<br>Make the Lord your final choice,<br>Then all heaven will rejoice,<br>Be in time.<br>Come from darkness into light,<br>Come let Jesus make you right,<br>Come and start for heaven tonight,<br>Be in time.<br><br>Chorus<br>Be in time, be in time<br>While the voice of Jesus calls you, be in time<br>If in sin you longer wait,<br>You may find no open gate<br>And your cry be just too late,<br>Be in time.<br><br><br>
